# Data-Warehouse-BI
The group project is to create a streamline data containing all the orders that have been made from the customers. By doing this, we are able to have meaningful insights, store the aggregated data adeptly and to avoid redundancy. Through this we achieve a unified repository of data and we now have an analytical platform for us to evaluate on customer buying patterns, sales trends, product reviews and so on. It also helps us to plan the business effectively to make data-based decisions, to build strategies and forecast business potentials in the market which can reduce the risks in the future.

The schema variant chosen is the star variant. The particular variant is chosen for its simplicity and also helps in improving query performance. The structure consists of a single fact table which is Fact_OrderValue which is directly linked to dimension tables which are Dimension_Time, Dimension_OrderDelivery, and Dimension_ SellerCategoryProduct. Therefore the star schema is helpful in efficiency of query and business alignment. 

The Dimension_Time represents time and assesses the performance over time. The Dimension_SellerCategoryProduct describes the product and supplier information through analyzing product characteristics, understanding the market demand and identifying suppliers with their diverse product portfolio. The Dimension_OrderDelivery analyzes regional delivery performance and customer demographics based on the regions. The fact dimension, Fact_OrderValue, aggregates data to measure metrics as total revenue earning from the total orders and determine patterns in sales over time. A business can gain insights to enhance logistics, distribute resources effectively, and exploit low-productive locations with an appropriate strategy. 
